as a leader in the roofing industry
Owens Corning roofing is continuously
pursuing product innovations and now
this commitment is more important than
ever in today's marketplace it's become
very difficult to judge shingle
performance based on warranties alone
with laminate shingle warranty coverage
consistent across the industry
innovative shingle design and true
performance has become the
differentiator not all shingles are
created equal
that's where sure nail technology comes
into play
the new sure nail technology design is
uniquely engineered to deliver warranted
and proven protection I've been in this
business now 29 years in a long time
I've watched shingles evelle from 20 25
30 now to lifetime and in that period I
have not seen any manufacturer come out
with a product to actually relate to
that warranty except the innovation of
Owens Corning and what they're doing to
make the product better and be able to
withstand those warranties our new sure
nail design breakthrough features are
tough
woven engineered reinforcing fabric on
the nailing area this provides
reinforcement to the critical interface
where the shingle is mechanically
fastened to the roof deck no other
shingle has this patented sure nail
technology design it's easy to see that
this wide tough nailing area will help
deliver fast and consistent fastening
during installation what's more a unique
triple layer of reinforcement occurs
when the fabric overlays the common bond
of the shingle laminate layers offering
excellent fastener holding power we have
an area where we have three layers of
material we have the fabric tape and
then we have two layers of shingle
therefore securing that shingle much
better we've put the shingles through
rigorous testing to ensure that we're
delivering a product that stands apart
from others this testing and contractor
feedback has shown that Owens Corning is
setting new industry benchmarks for nail
gun blow through and nail pull through
resistance the enhanced pole resistance
is going to give us the confidence that
the shingles are gonna stay on the roof
like they're supposed to
storms are very dangerous for roofs
you have microbursts winds tornadoes
hurricanes whatever it may be when they
come through your neighborhood
shingles are blown off the roof when you
go up to inspect that you'll see the
actual shingles left the roof but the
nails are still there now with the new
design duration shingle
they have a woven fabric it's it's
embedded right in the shingle this woven
fabric helps maintain those shingles in
place so when the storm does come
through your roof is protected in fact
87% of contractors we surveyed rated the
duration shingle with new sure nail
technology as clearly the best for blow
through resistance as compared to other
shingles they've installed in this
category yeah our installers really like
the sure nail technology and the reason
being is it's got a strong reinforced
tape right there on that nail line
that's a much tougher much stronger than
other products when they shoot that
shingle down with that pneumatic nail
gun they don't have to worry so much
about blow throughs and that nail going
through that shingle it seems to be much
stronger and much tougher than other
products that they've used in the past
the enhanced true bond sealant combines
with the new engineered fabric sure nail
strip to provide superior adhesion this
superior adhesion also provides
exceptional wind resistance delivering
130 mile per hour wind warranty
performance with only four nails all
courtesy of patented sure nail
technology from owens corning roofing
and asphalt
you